Add slot methods to a module instead of the component class itself (#2040)
ViewComponent/view_component: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Submitting a pull request

1. [Fork](https://github.com/viewcomponent/view_component/fork) and clone the repository.

> 1. Configure and install local dependencies: `bundle install`.
> 1. Configure and install testing dependencies: `bundle exec appraisal install`.
> 1. Make sure the tests pass: `bundle exec appraisal rake` (see below for specific cases).
> 1. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`.
> 1. Add tests, make the change, and make sure the tests still pass.
> 1. Add an entry to the top of `docs/CHANGELOG.md` for the changes, no matter how small.
> 1. If it's your first time contributing, add yourself to `docs/index.md`.
> 1. Push to the fork and [submit a pull request](https://github.com/viewcomponent/view_component/compare).
> 1. Wait for the pull request to be reviewed and merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure and install the dependencies: `bundle exec appraisal install`.
2. Make sure the tests pass: `bundle exec appraisal rake` (see below for specific cases).
3. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`.
4. Add tests, make the change, and make sure the tests still pass.
5. Add an entry to the top of `docs/CHANGELOG.md` for the changes, no matter how small.
6. If it's your first time contributing, add yourself to `docs/index.md`.
7. Push to the fork and [submit a pull request](https://github.com/viewcomponent/view_component/compare).
8. Wait for the pull request to be reviewed and merged.
```
